everybody good morning day or night with you
the observer and I continue you again
introduce the heroes of the marvel universes and
ten
as we all know there is a huge
the number of variations of the hulk you start
women and ending his main enemies
who are not inferior to him in style and
today i wanted to talk about red
Hulk Wright
originally was the father of Betty Ross
Dr. Banner's main sweetheart of
the most important enemy of bruce was
coined by Stan and Jack Kirby
debuted in the first issue
the incredible hulk in may 1962
first appears in red
hulk in 2008 his first appearance
took place in odessa whether the abomination was killed
longtime enemy bruce
there to be investigated in his tracks
come the hulk woman and Dr. Leonard
Samson and later their then director
bills tony stark and burrow hill course
investigations doctor leonard finds out
that the creature that killed the abomination emits
strong gamma radiation but at the same time
the real hulk was imprisoned in prison
death valley after world events
war hulk
after a while the red hulk
rush into aircraft carrier bills and into
short fight beaten up
half-death jennifer and after smashes
aircraft carrier bills then it is sent to
death valley where he quickly wins a
bomb or river johns longtime ally
hulk during the battle takes place
earthquake thanks to this
the original hulk is released from
prisons
he has to fight with his
red twin
but at this moment top red interferes
hulk defeats him on the moon and in doing so he
holding his hammer later it is explained
the fact that roses took advantage of the fact that
vacuum gravity mueller not
acted upon returning to earth
red hulk suits the strongest
the San Francisco earthquake while
two hulks fight fantastic
foursome hulk woman and neymar help
ruined city and its inhabitants
the red hulk is defeated and we
find out what stood behind his creation
Leonard Samson and the red halki
is general thadeus rouse
after that the domino accidentally learns the secret
personality red hulk and thanks
his ability equalizes chances
domino manages to escape persecution
but doctor samson assures you to find a lady
as with each passing hour the odds will be
decrease for this red hulk
collects a team which includes
electro punisher tundra red dynamo a
domino in turn leads the force x
together with logan happens
a short battle during which
the red hulk team loses a
once again it turns out to be blinded by claws
wolverines at this moment to help him
a red hulk woman comes in
assures him to go with him when to them
vision comes he understands that it was
a trap arranged by Samson who
bought his team thanks to the tundra
he manages to escape
and after using electro
he finds dominoes and wolverine in the house
silver sable during conversation
It turns out that this was all set up by Samson.
and it turns out his relationship with motik
In general, the red hulk was created as
antihero
and the general growth agreed to become them only
with the sole purpose of destroying bruce and
the return to life of his daughter betty but
common sense takes precedence over him and finding out
that his daughter would be
turned into a hulk he unites
together with the banner and reveal the intent
fashion as which was the creation of the army
red hulk of now talk about it
abilities
despite the fact that they are green halki
looks very similar and still distinguish
some features like red
hulk unlike shave becomes
stronger
not at the expense of anger and anger but as a result
gamma and cosmic energy absorption
which he accumulates and may then
use against your enemies but how
says the load itself
it's not good because it's early or
late it can overheat and from cats
burn besides it possesses clarity
crazy
able to control their actions
use a weapon and once you even
hacked into account security system and he
the only thing on the planet
managed to hit the observer also in
unlike hulk with anger his eyes
glow orange tint
and his blood is a bit like acid
on the level of physical strength he is
on par with bruce but he
can easily deal with a woman
Hulk and women abomination
and I think that's all if you're interested
then you can explore it yourself
his biography link I put below a with
you were an observer do not forget
put your finger up subscribe to
channel with someone soon bye